README.md, before:

# Necrogirl (Original Jam Version)
An entry for Ludum Dare 55 on _April 13, 2024_.
__THEME: SUMMONING__

## DESCRIPTION
A magical elf named __Asari__ who has the power to summon other units to fight along side her using her will power. Accompany her and her loyal friends to strike through the ferocious foes and achieve victory.

## LINKS
Check it out here: https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/55/necrogirl
Or play it directly here: https://constance012.itch.io/necrogirl

## INGAME CAPTURES
![Knight Gif](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/93983712/323481093-1f7777d9-0b51-43d4-a36d-8af3dec5fe94.gif?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.cB6UatRvdvGwKOYZe3U-LManUsXmFhPIPuWOdVm5zOQ)
![Elf Gif](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/93983712/323493652-acd19135-86cd-489f-98c0-583624c9fc02.gif?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.z6GKpThsHDxU1zPUkg1QxSO1gxntnit7xRH2K5gBbxc)
![Dwarf Gif](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/93983712/323482047-f38ecfcc-9195-4da4-a7ad-70a08dbafa71.gif?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.3O33b4mCKJJ3wC0Litjw60inThzd11EkzciGqFxsYPs)
![Priest Gif](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/93983712/323482470-5ba7824a-d1ed-4c11-ba80-896d8bd93edf.gif?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.aZGLRj-uzxNDFRBsFcZbTP4ErNGuUAkrAnUBHcOOJOg)
![World Gif](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/93983712/323482762-6ec290ce-ef18-41ed-95ee-af39f2dd76d9.gif?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.6OimYbNQITWKh9MjxcrjSd-01WJu6SuOl2yPm7TrZyw)

© 2024 Hiyuka Studios.

Commit message:

Final balancing works (24/04/2024):
- Balance stats of enemies and units (yes, again) to create a more pleasing gameplay.
- Increase the chance to drop mana potions.
- Evenly distribute different types of destructible object around the map.
- Set the new spawn point for the player.
- Optimize the overall performance across various devices and browsers.

README.md, after:

# Necrogirl (Original Jam Version)

## OVERVIEW
An entry for __Ludum Dare 55__ on _April 13, 2024_.
__THEME: SUMMONING__

__NOTE:__ This branch is __READ-ONLY__, which means there's no more updates or commits will be made in order to preserve the original version used in the jam.

Switch to the `post-jam` branch to view the latest version of this game, which will be released as a full game in the future.

## DESCRIPTION
A magical elf named __Asari__ who has the power to summon other units to fight along side her using her will power. Accompany her and her loyal friends to __strike__ through the __ferocious foes_ and achieve victory.

## TOOLS
- Unity
- Visual Studio Code
- Aseprite
- Photoshop
- LabChirp

## LINKS
Check it out here: https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/55/necrogirl
Or play it directly here: https://constance012.itch.io/necrogirl

## INGAME CAPTURES
![Knight Gif](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/93983712/323481093-1f7777d9-0b51-43d4-a36d-8af3dec5fe94.gif?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.cB6UatRvdvGwKOYZe3U-LManUsXmFhPIPuWOdVm5zOQ)
![Elf Gif](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/93983712/323493652-acd19135-86cd-489f-98c0-583624c9fc02.gif?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.z6GKpThsHDxU1zPUkg1QxSO1gxntnit7xRH2K5gBbxc)
![Dwarf Gif](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/93983712/323482047-f38ecfcc-9195-4da4-a7ad-70a08dbafa71.gif?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJnaXRodWIuY29tIiwiYXVkIjoicmF3LmdpdGh1YnVzZXJjb250ZW50LmNvbSIsImtleSI6ImtleTUiLCJleHAiOjE3MTM0MjAwMjcsIm5iZiI6MTcxMzQxOTcyNywicGF0aCI6Ii85Mzk4MzcxMi8zMjM0ODIwNDctZjM4ZWNmY2MtOTE5NS00ZGE0LWE3YWQtNzBhMDhkYmFmYTcxLmdpZj9YLUFtei1BbGdvcml0aG09QVdTNC1ITUFDLVNIQTI1NiZYLUFtei1DcmVkZW50aWFsPUFLSUFWQ09EWUxTQTUzUFFLNFpBJTJGMjAyNDA0MTglMkZ1cy1lYXN0LTElMkZzMyUyRmF3czRfcmVxdWVzdCZYLUFtei1EYXRlPTIwMjQwNDE4VDA1NTUyN1omWC1BbXotRXhwaXJlcz0zMDAmWC1BbXotU2lnbmF0dXJlPTIxZTRlZTAwNDc5ZDRmMDg2NWQyYThmODIwZjgzYjQ2MmQ0OTIwOGI2ZGQzYjQ4Y2UwZjkzODljYmQzNzcwNWEmWC1BbXotU2lnbmVkSGVhZGVycz1ob3N0JmFjdG9yX2lkPTAma2V5X2lkPTAmcmVwb19pZD0wIn0.3O33b4mCKJJ3wC0Litjw60inThzd11EkzciGqFxsYPs)
![Priest Gif](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/93983712/323482470-5ba7824a-d1ed-4c11-ba80-896d8bd93edf.gif?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.aZGLRj-uzxNDFRBsFcZbTP4ErNGuUAkrAnUBHcOOJOg)
![World Gif](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/93983712/323482762-6ec290ce-ef18-41ed-95ee-af39f2dd76d9.gif?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.6OimYbNQITWKh9MjxcrjSd-01WJu6SuOl2yPm7TrZyw)

© 2024 Hiyuka Studios.
